***Create an ECS Task Definition***

- Follow the steps below to create a task definition to describe your first ECS task:

1. Navigate back to the ECS (Elastic Container Services) page.
2. In the left-hand menu, ensure the New ECS Experience toggle is turned off. If a dialog box opens, click Skip.
3. Click Task Definitions in left-hand menu, then click Create new Task Definition.
4. When prompted with Select launch type compatibility, pick EC2 and click Next step.
5. For the Configure task and container definitions page, fill it in as follows:
    Task definition name: pluralsight-appserver
    Task role: Select pluralsight-apps
6. Under Task execution IAM role select pluralsight-apps. Note: This allows the ECS agent to pre-load the secret into the container environment, and is not required if your container application directly uses the Secrets Manager API.  For those cases use Create a new role.
7. Under Task size, enter the following:
    Task memory (MiB): 256
    Task CPU (unit): 256
8. Under Container definitions, click Add container, and in the Add container slide-out form, fill in the following:
Container name: pluralsight-nginx
    Image: nginx:latest
    Memory Limits (MiB): 256
    Note: Leave the dropdown value of Hard limit as-is.
    Under Port mappings, enter the following
    Host port: 0
    Container port: 80
    Protocol: tcp (This should be the default.)
Under ENVIRONMENT > Environment variables specify the following (You may first need to expand the Advanced container configuration section):
    Key: MY_SECRET
    Value: ValueFrom
    Add value: Paste your secrets' ARN from the Secrets Manager which you saved locally earlier in this lab
Everything else can be left at their default values. Click the Add button at the bottom.
9. Back on the main task definition form, leave the remaining fields at their defaults, and click Create at the bottom. You can ignore any errors, such as an App Mesh information error.

You will see a Created Task Definition successfully message.